c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\bin\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\bin\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\bin\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\DVD's\Dvd_Window.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoGames\Entire_Library.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoGames\Video_Game_Window.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\DVD's\Dvd_Window.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoGames\Entire_Library.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoGames\Video_Game_Window.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoGames\Platform_Specific.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoGames\Platform_Specific.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoGames\Add_New_Game.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoGames\Add_New_Game.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoGames\Title_Specific.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\EdgixshuaMediaLibrary\obj\Debug\VideoGames\Title_Specific.baml
